1454072724.000002> @U04DFTZ7D: <@U04DFTZ7D> has joined the channel
1454072725.000003> @U04DFTZ7D: <@U04DFTZ7D> set the channel purpose: Channel dédiée aux méthodologies collaboratives
1454072725.000004> @U0FN1B8KD: <@U0FN1B8KD> has joined the channel
1454072725.000005> @U0JFW4XTQ: <@U0JFW4XTQ> has joined the channel
1454072918.000006> @U04DFTZ7D: <@U04DFTZ7D> has renamed the channel from "methodologies" to "methodo_collab"
1454073412.000007> @U04DFTZ7D: <!channel>, voilà un premier lieu d’échange sur les enjeux du travail collaboratif
1454073456.000008> @U0KPE2P16: <@U0KPE2P16> has joined the channel
1454074081.000009> @U04DFTZ7D: <@U04DFTZ7D>
1454074081.000010> @Hyacinthe: <@U04DFTZ7D>: Quelques premières idées à partager avec vous...
1454091413.000002> @U0FN1B8KD: <https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0B-aFHCvM6eTedWdHMU1vTVZ5ak0&amp;usp=sharing> <@U0KPE2P16>:
1454091456.000003> @U0FN1B8KD: Les shémas du wiki
1454091466.000004> @U0FN1B8KD: schémas*
1454314654.000002> @U0KPE2P16: Merci Emilie!
1460618940.000002> @U04DFTZ7D: <@U04DFTZ7D> has renamed the channel from "methodo_collab" to "2_communauty_collab"
1461738653.000002> @U04DFTZ7D: Welcome <@U13UA10KS> sur le slack echopen.
1467647435.000002> @U1N5Q9334: <@U1N5Q9334> has joined the channel
1467647465.000003> @U04DFTZ7D: <@U04DFTZ7D> has renamed the channel from "2_communauty_collab" to "2_community"
1467731231.000002> @U0AAL4W13: <@U0AAL4W13> has joined the channel
1475654745.000002> @U0GMX7QUB: <@U0GMX7QUB> has joined the channel
1476083742.000002> @U04DFTZ7D: <@U04DFTZ7D> has renamed the channel from "2_community" to "prj_community_dissemi"
1476085684.000003> @U2M9XDS5N: <@U2M9XDS5N> has joined the channel
1476091499.000002> @U04DFTZ7D: <@U04DFTZ7D> has renamed the channel from "prj_community_dissemi" to "prj_commty_method"
1476271035.000002> @U2NAWHM9N: <@U2NAWHM9N> has joined the channel
1476639427.000002> @U2PTWF6SX: <@U2PTWF6SX> has joined the channel
1480964749.000002> @U0AAL4W13: <@U33817K25> et @Aurelie: this is the place for graph (as a tool to support the  community efforts) discussions can take place :)
1480964753.000003> @U33817K25: <@U33817K25> has joined the channel
1480965006.000004> @U33817K25: Yay!
1481080112.000002> @U3ARRLDQ8: <@U3ARRLDQ8> has joined the channel
1481230988.000002> @U3CDR25JP: <@U3CDR25JP> has joined the channel
1481617801.000002> @U3D9HA0N4: <@U3D9HA0N4> has joined the channel
1481795157.000002> @U0B47KC3S: <@U0B47KC3S> has joined the channel
1481795167.000003> @U0B47KC3S: <@U0B47KC3S> set the channel topic: Channel dédié aux méthodologies collaboratives
1481796933.000004> @U04DFTZ7D: <@U04DFTZ7D> set the channel topic: dedicated channel on collaborative methodology
1483628185.000002> @U3ML4L01Z: <@U3ML4L01Z> has joined the channel
1483654075.000003> @U3N1SENJY: <@U3N1SENJY> has joined the channel
1483798846.000002> @U0AAL4W13: Sweet article on managing digital files - <http://karl-voit.at/managing-digital-photographs/> ping <@U0GMX7QUB> for the application to documentation ;)
1483959192.000002> @U3NT8G2BC: <@U3NT8G2BC> has joined the channel
1484142901.000002> @U3PC2A4GZ: <@U3PC2A4GZ> has joined the channel
1484388263.000002> @U3RKUJHHS: <@U3RKUJHHS> has joined the channel
1484664311.000002> @U3T7KBEMV: <@U3T7KBEMV> has joined the channel
1484853471.000002> @U3TUWV3SQ: <@U3TUWV3SQ> has joined the channel
1485250182.000002> @U37GZRZU6: <@U37GZRZU6> has joined the channel
1485253600.000003> @U38HVMZ6K: <@U38HVMZ6K> has joined the channel
1485257995.000006> @U2PFHNN3C: <@U2PFHNN3C> has joined the channel
1485258872.000007> @U37GZRZU6: :loudspeaker: Dear members of <#C0KP6DWSG> , this is to announce that a revolution for defining an efficient method for collaborative work has begun! Anyone interested in this -critical- issue is welcome to join the discussion :wink:  As the signal/image processing and embedded systems communities are growing, we need to set up some methods to facilitate the communication between different parts of the project, and at the same time it would be great to define efficient ways of keeping a documentation up-to-date with the latest developments.  Below are listed the points we would like to address :  1. Gather pieces of information about the current state of the developments (hardware, embsys, sigproc, app) in a unique place so that anyone - especially newcomers - can have an overview of the whole project. The critical point here is to define a way to maintain the documentation up-to-date, otherwise it's useless ! As a first step towards this, we could begin to reference the current state of the kit being developped by <@U07UEJC2H>. <@U07UEJC2H>, <@U0AAL4W13> and I could help you to do this, do you think it would be possible to get a set of modules so as to test the kit ? Then the idea is to plug into the same documentation, some insights about embedded systems / signal processing / app --&gt; <@U38HVMZ6K> , <@U3QGT3Q74> could you help us do that ?  2. Be able to clearly identify people involved in each part of the project, as well as keeping a track of their respective contributions (e.g. the forks of echopen github repos, the wikis/docs produced by different members, internship reports...) --&gt; <@U0AAL4W13>, <@U38HVMZ6K> and I have started working on this part, the idea is to use slack/github bots and a google form to map the knowledge/skills in the community. We'll then use a graph database to store information and build some kind of "recommender system" allowing each member to identify interlocutors / github projects / documentations that would be of interest for them. The dedicated github repo is here : <https://github.com/kelu124/echommunity> (this is temporary, a specific repo on the echopen github might be created soon)  3. Define a way to facilitate the discussions between each part of the project so as to be able to make decisions that are consistent the one with each others. This is because the choices made at the embsys/sigproc/software stages strongly depend on the hardware, for example. <@U0AAL4W13>, <@U38HVMZ6K> and <@U3QGT3Q74> have interesting ideas about that, but nothing is fixed yet.  Again, anyone who would like to help us is welcome! <@U04DFTZ7D> <@U0GMX7QUB> this might interest you :wink: (reactions: @U0B47KC3S,@U0AAL4W13,@U38HVMZ6K,@U0AAL4W13)
1485258881.000009> @U3QGT3Q74: <@U3QGT3Q74> has joined the channel
1485258881.000010> @U07UEJC2H: <@U07UEJC2H> has joined the channel
1485271703.000012> @U04DFTZ7D: Thanks you <@U37GZRZU6> it's a great idea :wink: We need to get the method evolved as the community is growing and the diffrent groups are moving forward. To give some insights :  1. to gather information, we planned on using github with a dedicated repository for each projetc. This include synthesis of discussions on dedicated channel on slack and reports of meetings as well as any other commons knowledge we should share. Actually, <@U38HVMZ6K> did it for the embedded system with the reports of the meetings that are on the embsys repository on github.  2. In each repository should state a readme with the list fo the people involved in each sub-project :wink: And with <@U0GMX7QUB> script we might soon be able to display it on the documentation static website !!  Then, i agree with you, we need some table of advancement and next steps. We set ip up before on the wiki, but we probably now need to set it up for the all sub-project along with the issues and challenge. issues to be solved durong weekly meetings and challenges to be adressed to specific membres of the community with specific skills.   We should also setup the repository on the echOpen organization on github and adding all existing content we have everywhere (drive, wiki, etc.) using pandoc to transform each format into readable markdown format.   The idea then to start this work would be to organize a dedicated workshop sur as a CAPMeth :wink: What do you think ? (reactions: @U0B47KC3S)
1485276509.000014> @U0B47KC3S: thank you <@U04DFTZ7D> <@U37GZRZU6> indeed, the need of an overview of projects with their dedicated advances, challenges, issues + a transversal stack of specs, aka all the technical infos that can be shared across projects is now of critical importance !
1485280236.000015> @U04DFTZ7D: So are you guys, <@U37GZRZU6> <@U0B47KC3S> <@U0GMX7QUB> <@U0AAL4W13> and others, interested by organizing a CAPMeth :wink: early february ? What about February the 11th from 10.00 to 16.00 ? I guess one day would be good as we already have most of the process and info that need to be structured. I also sahre with you a first document that i prepared a few weeks ago. Feedbacks are welcome !!
1485280432.000016> @U0B47KC3S: <@U04DFTZ7D> what you have in mind is a CAPMeth to fix some docs or something more meta, about methods on methods ? I would prefer something quite practical :wink: (reactions: @U0FN1B8KD)
1485280467.000017> @U04DFTZ7D: <@U04DFTZ7D> and commented: Feedbacks are welcome :wink:
1485280603.000018> @U04DFTZ7D: <@U0B47KC3S> both.  1. fix the docs (e.g. the previous doc) and others (e.g. starter kit, etc.) 2. and explore possible methods and solutions to architecture the project giving to all an overview of the global project in time and space.  3. Making sure we all agreed on common process.   Is that plan good for you guys ? (reactions: @U37GZRZU6)
1485280738.000019> @U0AAL4W13: family meeting on 11th for me :/
1485280791.000020> @U0AAL4W13: what about  publishing  this text as a public gist so that we can collaborate on this gist ?
1485280825.000021> @U04DFTZ7D: It's the plan
1485280827.000022> @U38HVMZ6K: Newbie question... What is a CAPMeth?
1485280861.000023> @U04DFTZ7D: CAP is a workshop to take a direction like a cap :wink: And then we add Tech for technical, Med for medical, etc. and Meth for method :wink:
1485280984.000025> @U04DFTZ7D: From now on i'll setup the repository and add few documents for us to share and prepare. I'll add the slides with the process i designed last year. Just need a few days to set it up
1485281183.000026> @U0FN1B8KD: What about a new "rapport détape" in english
1485281184.000027> @U0FN1B8KD: ?
1485281195.000028> @U0FN1B8KD: we did one in february 2016
1485281245.000029> @U0FN1B8KD: Could be a way to sum up what happened and then move forward, and every work group can fill its part
1485281274.000030> @U37GZRZU6: olivier: too bad, I thought CapMeth was for "Crystal Meth" :trollface: (reactions: @U04DFTZ7D)
1485281279.000032> @U0FN1B8KD: <https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B-aFHCvM6eTeaEttZm9vVndXNTg>
1485281421.000036> @U0AAL4W13: interim report
1485281759.000037> @U0AAL4W13: <@U0FN1B8KD> y'a meme la version finale de ce rapport d'avancement (qui avait été imprimée) ci dessous.
1485281762.000038> @U0AAL4W13: <@U0AAL4W13>
1485281792.000039> @U37GZRZU6: <@U04DFTZ7D> thanks for the sharings :slightly_smiling_face: It's a good idea to organize this CapMeth, let's do it! As the methods will concern people from the different projects, I think it's important that at least <@U07UEJC2H> <@U0AAL4W13> and <@U38HVMZ6K> take part to the workshop, + others who already thought to those issues - i.e. <@U04DFTZ7D> <@U0GMX7QUB> <@U3QGT3Q74> <@U0FN1B8KD> <@U1N5Q9334>  hope we can find a date that will be suitable for everyone !  We'll have the opportunity to gather all the initiatives that people took till now, as a newcomer I'm really curious to discuss with <@U0FN1B8KD> and <@U0GMX7QUB> of what they did in the past :wink:
1485281823.000041> @Hyacinthe: <@U0FN1B8KD>
1485281844.000042> @U0AAL4W13: <@U37GZRZU6>  you may also consider inviting <@U0FN1B8KD> who did a great job at consolidating various aspects of our work, as well as <@U1N5Q9334> who contributed to the startkit gitbook.
1485281884.000043> @U04DFTZ7D: Sure !! And we will open a call on slack for anyone willing to participate (reactions: @U37GZRZU6)
1485282006.000046> @U37GZRZU6: <@U0AAL4W13> sure I pressed "enter" too early and my message was posted before I had finished writing :smile:
1485282019.000047> @U04DFTZ7D: Great, so let's do it !! who's IN to help organizing ? (Structuring the agenda, expected outcomes, etc.).  When it will be done, we will launch a Facebook event, sending invite to the community using emailing and announce it in the general slack channel.
1485282074.000048> @U04DFTZ7D: Sure, good idea. Would you taking care of it ?
1485283238.000049> @U37GZRZU6: <@U04DFTZ7D> I'm in! first things first : can we fix a date rapidly ? would the 4th of february be too early ? <@U38HVMZ6K> <@U07UEJC2H> <@U0AAL4W13> <@U0FN1B8KD> <@U0GMX7QUB> <@U1N5Q9334> what do you think ?
1485283291.000050> @U04DFTZ7D: I will only be available February the 11th. The 4th already busy :disappointed:
1485284420.000052> @U0AAL4W13: <@U04DFTZ7D> so the agenda is : 1. fix the docs (e.g. the previous doc) and others (e.g. starter kit, etc.) 2. and explore possible methods and solutions to architecture the project giving to all an overview of the global project in time and space. 3. Making sure we all agreed on common process.  ?  ---&gt; I'm not sure if a Cap is the right time for fixing the doc.
1485284505.000053> @U0AAL4W13: @all - what would you expect from such a meeting?  (is that normal that @ channel isn't working??)
1485284614.000054> @U0AAL4W13: I believe there are two steps: one is for having an audit of the existing (which can then be summarized in a "Interim report" as suggested by <@U0FN1B8KD> -- and that could be a project lead by one of us here) and the other is the way to redirect the newcomers to this existing mapping. The last part is to ensure all that is produced is well published and easily accessible by all (if I summarize)
1485284627.000055> @U04DFTZ7D: That was just a suggested agenda ! Then fixing the doc should be done in advance to eventually complete it during the workshop. 
1485284642.000056> @U0AAL4W13: +1
1485284706.000058> @U0AAL4W13: There has been several works to summarize the existant (existing inception report, starterkit, functional analysis) -&gt; we could for example for the time being try to list all that we can think of ? (for the first item) -&gt; that could be a brainstorm session during the workshop.
1485284729.000059> @U0AAL4W13: Knowing that would be a plus for knowing what perimeter we're covering.
1485284776.000060> @U0AAL4W13: But let's keep what we can do at home outside of our physical meeting - and use this precious together time for what we can't do online?
1485284804.000061> @U04DFTZ7D: Exactly what I suggested earlier !! Summarizing the existant  would be the first things to do
1485285146.000063> @U0AAL4W13: Hum I'd start with a listing, not a summarizing .. that's going to be far more work than only a couple of hours of a meeting :wink:
1485285223.000064> @U04DFTZ7D: Sorry I'd would say gather the existing document. Just copy/past your text... sorry
1485285247.000065> @U0AAL4W13: :smiley:
1485285511.000066> @U0AAL4W13: so first part fine with doing an inventory of what we have?
1485285549.000067> @U0AAL4W13: btw <@U04DFTZ7D>  is that normal that the "@ channel" doesn't work?
1485285570.000068> @U04DFTZ7D: That would be great ! Including what we have in the wiki, and everywhere else. 
1485285604.000069> @U04DFTZ7D: For the second question, I don't know, I have to check. I am in the train with a very bad service. I'll check it later this week 
1485285632.000071> @U38HVMZ6K: Sorry a bit lagging behind in the discussion (daughter and now wife sick at home...). I won't be able to do it neither on 4th nor on 11th but I will contribute as much as I can before and eventually during the event remotely :flag-ch:  
1485285707.000072> @U04DFTZ7D: Thanks <@U38HVMZ6K> but the idea will be to prepare as much as we can before and then having an open call here on the slack and anyone will be welcome to join anytime 
1485285798.000073> @U38HVMZ6K: OK then if it's not physically in Paris I can perhaps do it on 11th (reactions: @U04DFTZ7D)
1485286721.000074> @U0FN1B8KD: olivier: <@U0AAL4W13> would you help me luc,
1485286721.000076> @U0FN1B8KD: 
1485286723.000077> @U0FN1B8KD: ?
1485286829.000079> @U0AAL4W13: Depends when it is :smiley:
1485286854.000081> @U0AAL4W13: But for the interim report, I was leading it last year, would be a pleasure to help someone else :smiley:
1485287125.000083> @U0AAL4W13: So two topics so far: Mapping of existing, Interim report ?
1485287134.000084> @U0AAL4W13: <@U38HVMZ6K> <@U37GZRZU6>  other ideas?
1485287144.000085> @U0AAL4W13: <@U0FN1B8KD> <@U1N5Q9334> as well?
1485287191.000086> @U0FN1B8KD: the only thing is that we are already late on the santé public project so would like to finish that first ... (we have the grant deadline)
1485287682.000088> @U04DFTZ7D: And missing the way to follow up the global project as <@U37GZRZU6> mentioned it earlier  (reactions: @U37GZRZU6)
1485287720.000089> @U0AAL4W13: yes
1485287764.000090> @U0AAL4W13: This point will need to be articulated with the  starterkit - one its objectives being to answer this need ?
1485291207.000091> @U37GZRZU6: <@U0AAL4W13> <@U04DFTZ7D> yes, global overview of the project which goes with the starterkit, + need to define a way to have some exchange / feedback between different parts of the project so as to be able to make decisions together (as in the end, all parts are strongly related the one to each other)
1485291283.000092> @U37GZRZU6: this point is more about defining a methodology - that can be transversal meetings, or I don't know, whatever can help information to propagate among all sub-projects
1485291418.000093> @U38HVMZ6K: &gt; <@U38HVMZ6K> <@U37GZRZU6>  other ideas? Discussions/brainstorming on the way to organize and structure sub-projects for example: - standard directory layout for repos (doc, src, meeting minutes,... whatever is useful) so that when jumping into a new project or as a new member navigating the repo is easier - general github workflow (forks + PR + maintainers or branches) (reactions: @U37GZRZU6)
1485292791.000094> @U0AAL4W13: Excellent. For the first point it'd be interesting to have <@U0GMX7QUB> to get his advice on the existing structure. I agree having at least a doc, a src folder could be a minimum,  a minutes one would be as well most useful. One principle: KISS? We could build the session on seeing existing repos and seeing from a perspective of documenters, what have been useful and what has been missing? Agree as well for the GH workflow. This one could be simple: a simple MD file for the steps to follow?
1485296551.000096> @U0AAL4W13: <@U37GZRZU6> <@U04DFTZ7D> I'm freeing Saturday 11th, let's fix this date?
1485297790.000097> @U37GZRZU6: go for it ! <@U38HVMZ6K> <@U3QGT3Q74> <@U0FN1B8KD> <@U0GMX7QUB>  <@U07UEJC2H>  <@U1N5Q9334> is february 11th ok for you ? :slightly_smiling_face:
1485297844.000100> @U3QGT3Q74: <@U37GZRZU6> I'm ok for the 11th ! (reactions: @U37GZRZU6)
1485298228.000101> @U0B47KC3S: itou :stuck_out_tongue: (reactions: @U37GZRZU6)
1485324515.000104> @U38HVMZ6K: 11th will be OK. At least part of the day.
1485347065.000107> @U07UEJC2H: Not avaible the 11/02, I have a beer brewing trial
1485367596.000110> @U37GZRZU6: Ok so <@U07UEJC2H> just told me he would be able to join us on february 11th, at least till 2pm! So go for the 11th? :)
1485367688.000111> @U04DFTZ7D: Yes, let's go for the 11th. I have to finish a first document with the plan and agenda. I share it tomorrow
1485371334.000112> @U0FN1B8KD: I will do my best to come, it will depend on my work, I think i'll be able to stay until 2pm.
1485371738.000113> @U0AAL4W13: <@U0FN1B8KD>  I have a bit more time on my hands, I suggest to take the interim report work as a binom with you, me with data collection and first assembly, you the reviewer, fine with you? 
1485371983.000116> @U0FN1B8KD: Yes it is perfect ! Thank you luc :slightly_smiling_face:
1485372353.000117> @U0AAL4W13: a superb article on teamwork key success factors, people graphing communities and studying how people work together in a monster of trend analysis: <https://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/28/magazine/what-google-learned-from-its-quest-to-build-the-perfect-team.html>
1485417580.000119> @U04DFTZ7D: Hello all, so as mentioned yesterday, i started a document to prepare the CAPMeth :wink: According to the current process, i created the dedicated repository (PRJ-commty_method) and added both license (CC BY SA) and the CAPMeth document. It is available following this link : <https://github.com/echopen/PRJ-commty_method/blob/master/20170211CAPMeth.md>. (reactions: @U0AAL4W13,@U38HVMZ6K,@U37GZRZU6,@U0B47KC3S,@U2PFHNN3C)
1485418517.000121> @U0AAL4W13: couple of questions/remarks (will be pushing those when from home - what perimeter? asso projects or community wise projects? - follow-up on a weekly basis: seems overly exaggerated:) let's try a monthly? - objectives unclear: expected outcomes: is this a kickoff meeting or a production meeting? I would rather go for a kickoff meeting defining the work of this project in the coming time AND follow up later using the methods devised during the meetig
1485418526.000122> @U0AAL4W13: main two cents
1485418598.000123> @U0AAL4W13: we can avoid using this together time to do what we could all do from home behind screens
1485418625.000124> @U0AAL4W13: it's maybe what you meant, just clarifying 
1485447389.000125> @U3WRNP30B: <@U3WRNP30B> has joined the channel
1485521344.000126> @U0AAL4W13: hey, i don't know really where to put it, so asking the question here. with respect to the association, are there any plans to change statuses / règlement intérieur? We said last year the next ag would be back on track in 2017: shall we schedule an ag as per the association statuses in March?
1485521386.000127> @U0AAL4W13: moreover, what's the process if I want to pay for the 2017 cotisation? 
1485522807.000128> @U04DFTZ7D: Hey, sorry for the delay, was a bit busy. Some answers :  - Perimeter : asso project (don't understand what "wise project" means) - The idea, as many asked for it, is to have a follow up system / plan we will discuss and update during the weekly meetings. So i guess the weekly basis is appropriate.  - Don't understand what is unclear ? The goal of the workshop is to 1) Introduction : updating everyone with the existing process and organization 2) Setup global architecture, working group and such 3) organization for optimizing tools and information system. If we have enough time, roadmap and release plan for the main sub-project.   Of course, this plan can be complete as it is a draft.   Then,  - could you be more specific ? I don't understand what is the "it" in "where to put it" ? - Concerning the status, we will probably need make some minor change to become "d'intérêt général" for an eventual the tax redemption scheme. We wait for some lawyers feedbacks.  - For the 2017 contribution, nothing has change. Just giving it to the General Secretary (me) and i'll give you a receipt. The newt General Assembly will probably be around srping indeed.   Hope that is clear :wink:
1485523051.000129> @U0AAL4W13: where to put it -&gt; the questions
1485523165.000130> @U04DFTZ7D: Ah ok. Got it 
1485523344.000131> @U04DFTZ7D: I created a dedicated channel for the <#C3Y2HRA78> related question and discussions 
1485523521.000132> @U0AAL4W13: perimeter: are projects in the community but not strictly lead by the association -- for example the echommunity (auto mapping) projects included?
1485541123.000133> @U0AAL4W13: it's also similar to the work realized on their own by others labs like the team in ulb or the team in anaba - should they be included in the perimeter ?
1485542258.000134> @U04DFTZ7D: Sure they'll be included as they all work on the echOpen project... ULB work in the kit and Anaba like others work on the concept on the medical side. I really don't get your point here ?? The association provides ressources to anyone willing to support the effort to develop an echostethoscop. And the point is setting up community methods to make the collaboration efficient and reaching out common goals. 
1485547087.000135> @U0AAL4W13: okay :) fair enough. Shall the murgen board be encompassed in this work as well then?
1485773610.000136> @U3Y2FPGBV: <@U3Y2FPGBV> has joined the channel
1485791340.000137> @U3XHSAQHE: <@U3XHSAQHE> has joined the channel
1485892443.000138> @U37GZRZU6: an idea for enabling some insights on the project, letting people subscribe to tasks, and handling due dates : using trello combined to slack ! <https://trello.com/platforms/slack> what do you think? we could discuss it on 11th :wink: <@U0B47KC3S> <@U0GMX7QUB> <@U04DFTZ7D> <@U0AAL4W13> <@U0FN1B8KD> <@U07UEJC2H> <@U38HVMZ6K> <@U3QGT3Q74> (reactions: @U38HVMZ6K)
1485893111.000140> @U0AAL4W13: yup!
1485893125.000141> @U38HVMZ6K: Great! Tasks and action items tracking has always been an issue in projects I worked in. Using Trello, Jira, Fogbugz or any task/bug tracker at the project level can only be helpful.
1485893180.000142> @U38HVMZ6K: This is going in the direction of one question I had "how do we track tasks and progress?"
1485893331.000143> @U38HVMZ6K: If we get the reflex of opening a task everytime we think about something to do this can be very powerful. The only critical point is to get adherence of the people involved and systematically using the tool.
1485893661.000144> @U38HVMZ6K: I had both experiences: 1) team motivated -&gt; good usage of the tool -&gt; helpful 2) team not convinced by the approach -&gt; everyone continued to track his tasks "as we always did" (post-it, excel sheet, TXT doc, Google docs...) and finally tasks were still spread everywhere -&gt; useless, time consuming and frustrating for the one(s) trying to push the new methodology
1485895005.000145> @U37GZRZU6: <@U38HVMZ6K> I totally agree with you! Anyway, we have to change our methods so we'd better be able to convince people... I think we have better chances if we limit the number of tools to be used and the complexity of the processes. <@U0B47KC3S> mentioned that almost all contributing members have now adopted slack, so using slack as a central hub might be a good starting point :thinking_face: so this trello bot could prove to be useful, I don't know if there are some equivalents for Jira for example ?
1485895476.000147> @U38HVMZ6K: Yep keeping slack as central hub is a good approach. And I really like the linking of external tools via simple, well-thought integration plugins. (reactions: @U0AAL4W13)
1485896293.000148> @U0AAL4W13: we used to centralized tasks, agenda and docs on a Basecamp, since spring 2015
1485896318.000149> @U0AAL4W13: the sad point is that we're loosing most of the info that was deposited in it :/
1485896364.000150> @U38HVMZ6K: We can perhaps leverage and revive this basecamp...
1485896370.000151> @U0AAL4W13: one key element will be to ensure the portability of data posted in one tool
1485896400.000152> @U38HVMZ6K: Never heard about it. Where is it located (URL)?
1485896447.000153> @U0AAL4W13: <http://Basecamp.com> :)
1485897006.000154> @U0AAL4W13:   need to have an access - but I'm working on a structured dump in the echommunity project too (reactions: @U37GZRZU6)
1485897100.000155> @U0AAL4W13: <@U0B47KC3S> <@U04DFTZ7D> it would be interesting to give <@U38HVMZ6K> an access to the bc3 :)
1485897422.000156> @U38HVMZ6K: seems good and fulfill most of/all needs!
1485897447.000157> @U37GZRZU6: rbo: there's also Jira for slack :wink:  <https://echopen.slack.com/apps/A0F7YS3MZ-jira>
1485897532.000160> @U37GZRZU6: actually I don't know what was the reason for going from basecamp to slack, but I'm not sure going back would be a good idea, as the whole community has now moved to slack...?
1485905260.000162> @U0B47KC3S: hi there, along with <@U37GZRZU6> getting slack as the main community kinda repo seems important. Btw, I am really not an expert of tools, and I don’t have any religion about it but 1) the idea of using an external but slack-connected tool is interesting 2) we could use more in depth GitHub (already connected to slack) new issue/task/progress tracker -&gt; <@U20C8CKTL>, you already use it, what do you think ? <@U04DFTZ7D> a point of view ? (reactions: @U37GZRZU6)
1485935436.000166> @U04DFTZ7D: Thank you <@U37GZRZU6> it's an interesting idea. We actually tried task management (including trello) before and this need everyone to adopt, use and maintain it. In github, is available a project feature close to Trello and we thought to use it, that could be a way to structure taks, milestones, etc. Then, i agree with <@U38HVMZ6K> about "The only critical point is to get adherence of the people involved and systematically using the tool." and it needs everyone to adopt it fully !!   <@U37GZRZU6> sure we have to imrpove our methods and using the right system that everyone in convinced. This is one of the idea of the CAPMeth the 11th. If everybody agreed with a system, the adoption will be easier. Then i agree with your point saying that we need the very minimum tools avoiding people to get lost. And this is the idea of having slack as a central hub to discuss and interact. Then, we may find a way to get synthesis, tasks, etc. register somewhere in an organized manner and ideally in one area (github for example), using template document.   Regarding basecamp, it was relevant as the community was smaller and the project with only few dimensions. I am using basecamp in other project with many sub-project, but having this feature costs money. I am afraid that if we have only one project area (free account) in a basecamp with all echOpen sub-porjects and dimensions, we will get lost maintaining it. And as <@U37GZRZU6> says it, most of the community is now here on slack.   Anyway, i'll add this idea of a task tracking in the CAPMeth document. And let you explore the github project feature.
1485935663.000167> @U04DFTZ7D: I suggest we try the project feature in github for the CAPMeth organization and see how it work. COuld be a nice usecase =&gt; <https://github.com/echopen/PRJ-commty_method/projects/1>
1485935775.000170> @U38HVMZ6K: thanx for your inputs <@U04DFTZ7D>.  &gt;  In github, is available a project feature close to Trello and we thought to use it What are you refering to ? GitHub "Issues" feature ?
1485935854.000171> @U04DFTZ7D: If you click on the link i just send, you'll see this. It's a new feature called "project" with column and cards you can move from one column to another and any card can be transformed to an issue if needed.
1485936049.000172> @U38HVMZ6K: oh yes... I missed the link...
1485936050.000173> @U04DFTZ7D: An article about it : <http://venturebeat.com/2016/09/14/github-launches-a-trello-competitor-pull-request-reviews-redesigned-profile-pages/>
1485936172.000175> @U38HVMZ6K: seems nice and good
1485936211.000176> @U04DFTZ7D: Great and probably a good try with the CAPmeth :wink:
1485936241.000177> @U38HVMZ6K: my only question is to know how we will use and manage it ? every project/repo having it's own GitHub project(s) ?
1485936284.000178> @U04DFTZ7D: Yes, it is the idea. Each sub-project has its own slack channel and github repo
1485936298.000179> @U38HVMZ6K: what I am a bit missing on the project is a global overview of what is ongoing, what/where are the needs...
1485936302.000180> @U04DFTZ7D: The prj_XXXXXXX means projectXXXXXX
1485936337.000181> @U04DFTZ7D: Yes, this is the main point for the CAPMeth, finding a good way to gather all relevant info from each project, having a global overview. And i invite everyone to add his/her needs regarding this question we plan on adressing the 11th
1486071412.000184> @U0AAL4W13: <@U0FN1B8KD> : I'm putting for reference the Interim Report 1 (in french) at <https://gist.github.com/kelu124/842dd738bcc0898abcb6e8a62c76c739> . Will be pushing the skeleton for IR2 soon :smiley:
1486071412.000186> @U0AAL4W13: 
1486228186.000189> @U37GZRZU6: <@U04DFTZ7D> I looked at the github "project" and I'm not sure it will meet our needs? When I fork the PRJ-commty_method repo, my forked project is empty so it seems I can't contribute to the echOpen project. I think all the contributors should be able to edit the project board, otherwise it won't be efficient enough. Two solutions to explore : - either we give access to the repos to all contributors, which I don't think is a good practice ? - or we use Trello for the follow-up of the different sub-projects as well as a global overview (we need Trello or an equivalent anyway for global insight, right?) what do you think <@U38HVMZ6K> <@U0AAL4W13> <@U0B47KC3S> <@U0GMX7QUB> ?
1486479222.000190> @U42P4AT7Z: <@U42P4AT7Z> has joined the channel
1486722933.000191> @U04DFTZ7D: Hello all. Tomorrow at echOpen, CAPMeth !! Workshop to discuss existing methods and improvment... Also here in this channel. We will launch an open call for these who want to join !! Let's meet at 10.00 am (reactions: @U37GZRZU6,@U3QGT3Q74,@U0B47KC3S)
1486798416.000196> @U38HVMZ6K: Hi all, my wife had an emergency at work and will probably not come back home before midday so I will be on duty with our daughter until she comes back. I'll try to join in the afternoon.
1486799281.000197> @U0AAL4W13: sure! or you can join together :)
1486799988.000198> @U38HVMZ6K: Yep she's a ninja in git and coding :joy: 
1486800207.000199> @U38HVMZ6K: She's 3 years old and you cannot stay in front of a screen more than 2 minutes without having her touching the screen, the keyboard, the touchpad so a session with her would be quite complicated and a good challenge for exercising my patience but I'm not ready yet :blush: 
1486802583.000200> @U38HVMZ6K: yep agree <@U37GZRZU6>, I think that it's difficult to handle something in GitHub at the GitHub project level with the fork-pull request method we want to use. Even if we give access to the repos to the contributors we would have the problem of having separated issues/tasks list in different repos and the need to aggregate and consolidate them at a higher level.
1486802583.000202> @U38HVMZ6K: 
1486802643.000205> @U0AAL4W13: For consolidating those, if that's just having a "dashboard" of issues, I guess you can summarize them in a single place using the github API ?
1486803747.000206> @U38HVMZ6K: Perhaps, I don't know. If we can have it easily done without spending too much time on it why not. The fact is that it's not on issues (which can be opened by everyone on the echopen repo) but on projects (eg. <https://github.com/echopen/PRJ-commty_method/projects/1>) which can only be edited by contributors with write permissions to the echopen repo.
1486803811.000208> @U38HVMZ6K: Correct me if I'm wrong but I think it's the way GitHub "Projects" are working.
1486803852.000209> @U38HVMZ6K: It's 10:00 :alarm_clock:  enjoy! Will try to join later
1486805672.000210> @U0AAL4W13: Yop, jme propose de prendre les notes sur <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1r1VeRz6PhepxhcAjxUtTRYlkPFeG6sZAW5PQi1IP6Nw/edit> - anyone can join :smiley: (reactions: @U37GZRZU6)
1486805754.000212> @U0DRKLMS4: <@U0DRKLMS4> has joined the channel
1486806111.000213> @U38HVMZ6K: :+1::skin-tone-2: :heart_eyes: 
1486806118.000214> @U38HVMZ6K: Thanx
1486810109.000215> @U0FN1B8KD: you have the discussion in live there :wink:
1486832926.000216> @U0AAL4W13: @ channel : don't hesitate to complete (before sunday evening) the gdoc with what we missed, @bivi will transform it into a markdown then :smiley: Thanks! (ping <@U3QGT3Q74> <@U37GZRZU6> <@U0B47KC3S> <@U04DFTZ7D> <@U0AAL4W13> <@U0FN1B8KD> <@U3GHS132Q> <@U07UEJC2H> ) (reactions: @U37GZRZU6,@U38HVMZ6K,@U04DFTZ7D)
1486833370.000219> @U0FN1B8KD: Thx, just added somethings :wink:
1486834796.000221> @U38HVMZ6K: Thx guys! I'll catch up and comment today evening or tomorrow.
1486921675.000223> @U07UEJC2H: <@U0AAL4W13>, as we said yesterday, can you give me the reference of the probe you had bought please.
1486922492.000224> @U0AAL4W13: if you can wait 3 weeks I can sell you the one I have - i should be finished in 3 weeks approx. Still have the box and accessories :smiley:
1486922549.000225> @U0AAL4W13: you won't pay the shipping+customs this way
1486922875.000226> @U0AAL4W13: Is it decided we going this way?
1486922930.000227> @U07UEJC2H: I prefer to have it as soon as possible, depend on the shipping delay. I need also the reference to see if I can have the specs, datasheet...
1486922955.000228> @U0AAL4W13: shipping takes a month roughly
1486923040.000229> @U0AAL4W13: so it'd be quicker to get it directly
1486923256.000230> @U07UEJC2H: Anyway, I need more than only one, and I need the reference to search informations
1486923616.000231> @U0AAL4W13: let's talk about it on wednesday :smiley:
1486923650.000232> @U0AAL4W13: it's part of a project i'm working on, and which will be open-sourced at the closing of the project (in ~3 weeks)
1486923661.000233> @U0AAL4W13: I'll have more liberty to discuss it then :smiley:
1486973376.000002> @U38HVMZ6K: Hi all, for the discussions around methodology/processes/documentation I suggest following reading which is the official guidance from FDA regarding medical device design controls: <http://www.fda.gov/RegulatoryInformation/Guidances/ucm070627.htm>
1486973561.000004> @U38HVMZ6K: It is focused on US regulations and processes but provides cross-references to international standards and norms also applicable in EU (ISO 9001/13485/62304...)
1486974119.000005> @U38HVMZ6K: Sections A,B and C are especially relevant at the beginning to establish the needed inputs and documents. Section J on the Design History File (DHF) is also an important point.
1486976422.000006> @U0B47KC3S: thanks <@U38HVMZ6K> :wink: @oliv <@U0JFW4XTQ>  do we have something similar for the EC approval ?
1486977143.000008> @U38HVMZ6K: For Europe (CE marking): <https://ec.europa.eu/growth/single-market/ce-marking/manufacturers> (tab "Medical Devices") >     >         > (reactions: @U0B47KC3S,@U37GZRZU6)
1486977366.000010> @U38HVMZ6K: In general, concepts are the same between US and EU but the names differ (for example, the Design History File (DHF) in US is similar in essence to Technical File / Design Dossier in EU): see <http://www.mastercontrol.com/newsletter/medical_device/medical-device-design-history-file-0710.html> for an example of equivalence/comparison
1486981053.000013> @U0AAL4W13:  <@U07UEJC2H> : la sonde à pour nom la "uprobe-1". elle fait partie d'une série assez sympa.
1486981121.000014> @U0AAL4W13: je n'ai pas trouvé de vraie datasheet, juste des prospectus commerciaux à côté de la plaque 
1486981241.000015> @U38HVMZ6K: <http://www.sonostarmed.com/product/BWultrasoundScanner/Portable-B-Scanner/2015/0611/200.html> et <http://www.sonostarmed.com/Service/xiazaicenter/>
1486982677.000016> @U0AAL4W13: to clarify, I have a Nda for the work done on this probe. the work will end in ~3 weeks, with a part which will be open-sourced. so it will be easier to exchange on this topic in 3 weeks ;)
1486982706.000017> @U0AAL4W13: and there will be some interesting elements  (inshallah ) for the community :)
1486982769.000018> @U38HVMZ6K: :heart_eyes::clap::skin-tone-2: great !
1487083608.000019> @U37GZRZU6: Hi guys (and <@U0DRKLMS4> and <@U0FN1B8KD> :wink: ) ! Following last saturday's capMeth, we converged to these ideas (among others - see minutes <https://github.com/echopen/PRJ-commty_method/pull/2/commits/5e24522596ff0616a14b1aa5efa799411ef80042> ) :  - use the github repos to keep track of docs, minutes of meetings, as well as the "to-do" lists and informative deadlines (which can be handled through the "project" feature). This should be done in each sub-project's repo, which implies that at least the sub-project's "coordinator(s)" have rights for the corresponding repo. - on top of that, we would need to create one more repo that would be dedicated to the global project follow-up. this one could be edited by all the coordinators. - we mentioned we could use github's team functionality to handle the access rights to the different repos  <@U04DFTZ7D> <@U0B47KC3S>, when do you think we could apply these changes to the echOpen github ? :slightly_smiling_face: (reactions: @U2PFHNN3C,@U0B47KC3S)
1487091788.000024> @U04DFTZ7D: Hello <@U37GZRZU6> thank you !! Looks great ! The best would be for us to meet shortly to try to implement this on one or two sub-project just to see if it works fine before generalize the process to all repo. Are you fine with that ? Available to meet this week ?
1487092339.000025> @U37GZRZU6: <@U04DFTZ7D> sure, I'm mostly available during the week-end actually, what about saturday for example ?
1487092407.000026> @U04DFTZ7D: Thanks <@U37GZRZU6> unfortunatly, i will be very busy this week-end... any availabilities thursday or friday by the end of the day ?
1487092446.000027> @U37GZRZU6: friday 6:30 ?
1487093334.000028> @U04DFTZ7D: ok, go for it :wink:
1487093336.000029> @U04DFTZ7D: thanks
1487093375.000030> @U37GZRZU6: <@U04DFTZ7D> thaaanks see you @ Hôtel Dieu on friday then :slightly_smiling_face: (reactions: @U04DFTZ7D)
1487099150.000032> @U04DFTZ7D: Hello all, github released its guide to open source project !! #goodread : <https://opensource.guide/> cc <@U0B47KC3S> <@U0GMX7QUB> <@U37GZRZU6> <@U0AAL4W13> <@U3QGT3Q74> and others ;-)  (reactions: @U0B47KC3S,@U37GZRZU6)
1487099295.000033> @U0B47KC3S: thanks <@U04DFTZ7D> ! I think the correct url is <https://opensource.guide>
1487099349.000037> @U04DFTZ7D: Yes, sorry the cc was too close to the URL !! 
1487112595.000038> @U0FN1B8KD: is there the meeting tomorrow eventually?
1487113916.000039> @U0B47KC3S: yes <@U0FN1B8KD> we have meeting tomorrow at 18.30 and we merged the two meetings SigProc and EmbSys. We’ll broadcast it again tomorrow morning
1487433811.000041> @U0AAL4W13: #scrum :  <https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=oyVksFviJVE>
1487861351.000043> @U37GZRZU6: is that normal that the minutes of the capMeth aren't in the github repo?
1487871163.000044> @U0AAL4W13: if I remember well, that's because parts of the text are still in French <@U37GZRZU6> - I guess the pr can still be accepted and the modifications added afterwards?
1487931760.000045> @U492PCSE9: <@U492PCSE9> has joined the channel
1487934555.000046> @U04DFTZ7D: Just drop this here ;) interesting read !! <https://blog.mozilla.org/community/2017/02/23/open-and-agile/>
1487966652.000048> @U38HVMZ6K: Interesting. I'm a convinced adopter and fan of open source and agile but there are some important constraints and concepts to take into account when trying to apply them to medical device development. Things are not as easy as in standard open source development. By chance, given the general success of these methodologies, regulators begin to accept them and recognize their value but the overall requirements stay the same.
1487966729.000049> @U38HVMZ6K: The most important and useful guidance on the use of agile in medical device development is AAMI-TIR45 <https://my.aami.org/store/detail.aspx?id=TIR45-PDF>
1487966821.000050> @U38HVMZ6K: The document is unfortunately not available for free but it is really worth reading for everyone wanting to bring some modernity in med dev software development.
1487966917.000051> @U38HVMZ6K: <@U38HVMZ6K>
1487967010.000052> @U38HVMZ6K: This presentation is also worth reading. A practical approach to the concepts introduced in TIR45. (reactions: @U0AAL4W13)
1488499219.000054> @U4CAG5ZFW: <@U4CAG5ZFW> has joined the channel
1488499219.000055> @U4DFR8RN3: <@U4DFR8RN3> has joined the channel
1488580553.000056> @U0AAL4W13: A stupid idea about onboarding automating, and keeping everyone values where it matters most : <https://txt.fyi/+/756cd6f8/> -- would be happy to do any bot schedule / bot programming with <http://recast.ai> with anyone :smiley: What do you think of this? (reactions: @U38HVMZ6K,@U37GZRZU6)
1488582304.000057> @U0B47KC3S: <@U0AAL4W13> this is a great idea ! I would be interested in catch a picture of how to program bots :wink:
1488583995.000059> @U38HVMZ6K: Great! I would also add the Google form at the end of the onboarding process so that we have a clear idea of the skills available in the community and the topics in which people are interested.
1488584086.000060> @U38HVMZ6K: We could thus create a "yellow pages" directory of the members.
1488612890.000061> @U0AAL4W13: Top. Im currently playing with recast,  but a first bot with a schedule of info delivery would be useful at first 
1488612909.000062> @U0AAL4W13: <@U38HVMZ6K> indeed
1488612943.000063> @U0AAL4W13: <@U0B47KC3S> could you share the welcome info you usually sent ?
1488629543.000065> @U0B47KC3S: <@U0AAL4W13> here’s an example of welcoming email, I put it in a gdrive -&gt; <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SeBq6LCW4cWCUxdsFqutrX5tV7QpZpCTNB2Jb1PS4xg/edit>
1488629544.000066> @U0B47KC3S: <@U0B47KC3S>
1488911180.000070> @U0AAL4W13: Humm in looking into botpress for bots management 
1488911268.000071> @U0AAL4W13: And a good read <https://chatbotnewsdaily.com/how-to-use-slack-to-power-an-awesome-on-boarding-experience-18a7c2b3bffc?gi=c2a09184dc6>
1489019087.000073> @U3GHS132Q: <@U3GHS132Q> has joined the channel
1489019123.000074> @U3GHS132Q: Hello. You will find the minutes of today "organization meetup" here : <https://mensuel.framapad.org/p/CR_org_03_07_2017> I will traduct it tomorrow, if you add something feel free to add it in french or english. Everyone should be aware of the information which are inside this document ! (reactions: @U0B47KC3S,@U37GZRZU6,@U0AAL4W13,@U0GMX7QUB)
1489069672.846753> @U38HVMZ6K: <@U3GHS132Q>, I'll have a look at your notes today evening. BTW just a short question.. what happens to your "mensuel" framapad once you go over the month deadline ? is it deleted from framapad ?
1489069710.852418> @U38HVMZ6K: we must be very cautious with such things and ensure that we do not lose documents.
1489069845.872750> @U38HVMZ6K: If the Framapad is only a temporary placeholder and the notes then get comitted to github, I don't see any issue but there is still the risk of forgetting it in framapad and never comitting it somewhere
1489069879.877658> @U38HVMZ6K: this is something to be covered in the methodology and quality assurance of the project
1489164382.386932> @U3GHS132Q: <@U38HVMZ6K> Generally when I take notes I put them on framapad the same day I took them so everyone can edit them. Then 2 days after someone (<@U37GZRZU6> for the last two) "compile" the notesand upload them on github
1489164585.430853> @U3GHS132Q: By the way, once the new organization plan will be in place if I take notes I will commit them (using the same schema described above).
1489164665.448466> @U3GHS132Q: About the translation I could not do it yesterday but I will do it tonight :slightly_smiling_face:
1489176525.821126> @U37GZRZU6: <@U3GHS132Q>  actually I didn't push the minutes on github sorry :confused:  (reactions: @U0AAL4W13)
1489190457.804431> @U3GHS132Q: You did not push the notes from last week (01/03/2017) on github ?
1489452176.921147> @U0AAL4W13: Interesting fact:  Zenodo exists as a way to attribute DOIs to releases. Interesting to ensure the continuity and availability of source code! See <https://guides.github.com/activities/citable-code/>
1489452189.922356> @U0AAL4W13: May be useful for several reasons :smiley:
1489504876.250798> @U38HVMZ6K: <@U37GZRZU6> got hand back to the standard I was looking for: NEMA UD 3-2004 <https://www.nema.org/Standards/Pages/Standard-for-Real-Time-Display-of-Thermal-and-Mechanical-Acoustic-Output-Indices-on-Diagnostic-Ultrasound-Equipment.aspx>
1489504906.260598> @U38HVMZ6K: unfortunately not publicly available for free... (reactions: @U37GZRZU6,@U3GHS132Q)
1489513463.925021> @U2PFHNN3C: Je pose ça là <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R8dYLbJiTUE>
1489610010.680455> @Hyacinthe: <@U0FN1B8KD>
1489612991.409109> @U0AAL4W13: <@U0FN1B8KD> you put me to shame, haven't worked on it yet :smiley:
1489616883.162084> @U0FN1B8KD: Oh sorry Luc ! I thought it was last year one !
1489649045.888233> @U0AAL4W13: No you're right, it's just I haven't done much on 2017 one ;)
1490120006.642787> @U37GZRZU6: Hey medtech workers / method lovers, just to announce that our brand new gitbook for prototyping is online <https://echopen.gitbooks.io/echopen_prototyping/> :smiley: As discussed in capMeth and following sigproc/embsys meetings, this gitbook is meant to be our single document for managing medicotechnical developments (hardware/embsys/sigproc/app) in a transversal manner.  This gitbook provides a "Follow-up" section allowing to gather all the minutes of meetings. I reported the sigProc minutes in the corresponding section, and from now this is where all the minutes (also for embsys, the app...) should be pushed, ping <@U3GHS132Q> <@U0B47KC3S>   The "References" section is meant to share all relevant docs/files/papers/... that we found on the internet or that we produced. Each team has its references section, don't hesitate to use it, it's yours !  Now let's fill the empty sections :wink: I will complete the "How to contribute" within next days. By now we're preparing next release (dedicated section : Stable release Vx.y.z) so this section might be treated in top priority :  - <@U4J138ZTL> and I are thinking about how we can perform image quality assessment for our device, that will stand in the "Device characteristics" section - <@U07UEJC2H> <@U4J138ZTL> <@U0AAL4W13> and I have started writing a production guide for the hardware ("Production guide &gt; Reproducing the device") - At some point, we should provide a guide on how to install the app working with this release, ping <@U0B47KC3S> <@U3QGT3Q74>  - As regards documentation, we should update the scheme of the whole pipeline and fill the "Hardware" and "Software parts" (ping <@U0B47KC3S> <@U3QGT3Q74> you can drop the app documentation in "Documentation &gt; Software" :upside_down_face: )  To edit the gitbook, you can fork its github repo : <https://github.com/echopen/echopen_prototyping> and directly modify the .md files  Anyone wanting to help for documentation, characterization, etc... is welcome ! (reactions: @U38HVMZ6K,@U0B47KC3S,@U0AAL4W13,@U04DFTZ7D,@U3GHS132Q,@U0GMX7QUB,@U2PFHNN3C)
1490120014.644947> @U4J138ZTL: <@U4J138ZTL> has joined the channel
1490120435.758102> @U38HVMZ6K: Great! Thanks a lot <@U37GZRZU6> for the good job!
1490120510.778201> @U38HVMZ6K: Let's make this gitbook a living and comfortable place for every echOpener :clap::skin-tone-2:  (reactions: @U37GZRZU6,@U0B47KC3S,@U0AAL4W13,@U3GHS132Q)
1490124966.932012> @U3QGT3Q74: Thanks <@U37GZRZU6> I will give a quick clean up of the app documentation part on former / future architecture and push it tomorrow afternoon. (reactions: @U37GZRZU6,@U0AAL4W13)
1490170383.592679> @U2PFHNN3C: Great job <@U37GZRZU6>! Where do you think the AI part should go? A new chapter?
1490174093.138074> @U3GHS132Q: I will read precisely the guidebook. <@U37GZRZU6> it seems that some math are not well interpreted, is it normal ?
1490174161.149336> @U3GHS132Q: And some LaTeX too, how markdown is interpreted by github ? Does it use pandoc ?
1490174208.157501> @U0B47KC3S: thanks you so much <@U37GZRZU6> nice job !
1490175492.373815> @U37GZRZU6: <@U3GHS132Q> yes don't know where the problem comes from ... I think <@U07UEJC2H> has planned to correct the typos at some point 
1490175730.413394> @U07UEJC2H: I dream of latex interpretor in gitbook for months (years...)! Without it mathematical equations will look like ****...
1490175900.442482> @U38HVMZ6K: <https://stackedit.io/>
1490175918.445764> @U38HVMZ6K: &gt; StackEdit integrates MathJax to render mathematics from LaTeX expressions inside your markdown document, as you would do on Stack Exchange.
1490175953.452116> @U38HVMZ6K: Don't know if it can be used for gitbook...
1490178243.852276> @U2PFHNN3C: I think Gitbook DOES have LaTeX support, just need to use double $ to enclose your formula
1490178315.864426> @U37GZRZU6: <@U2PFHNN3C> double $$ don't seem to work :thinking_face:
1490178339.868856> @U2PFHNN3C: it works on my gitbook. Maybe a matter of plugin. Hang on
1490178471.891117> @U37GZRZU6: <@U2PFHNN3C> please help us :sweat_smile:
1490178621.916904> @U3GHS132Q: Markdown really need to be standardized by a consortium like W3C
1490178775.943579> @U2PFHNN3C: Can’t edit your gitbook to try it out <@U37GZRZU6> but it should work in principle, this confirmed it to me <https://www.gitbook.com/blog/features/katex>
1490179069.993550> @U2PFHNN3C: and I just checked my `book.json`, no plugin added. So <@U37GZRZU6> I think you should give it a new try :slightly_smiling_face:
1490361313.645920> @U0AAL4W13: <@U37GZRZU6> for fun and info in terms of interesting processes - <https://fr.slideshare.net/mobile/Energized-Org/introduction-to-holacracy>
1490366834.024978> @U3GHS132Q: When I read GCC I directly think to the GNU C Compiler lol... --&gt;[]
1490533195.546049> @U0AAL4W13: Hey <@U04DFTZ7D> <@U0B47KC3S> I'm working on "the trove", a markdown-only dump of what has been published from the beginning. I have the information from the wiki, the basecamp2, slack - I'm missing BC3. Would it be possible to have a  dump done of the BC3 echopen data, as described in <https://basecamp.com/help/3/guides/account/ownership#export-data-from-this-account> - to merge this in the trove ? Thanks!
1490540142.804805> @U04DFTZ7D: Yes, <@U0AAL4W13> i exported the folder and sent you a link to add it in the trove. Let us know when it will be done :wink:
1490541399.856588> @U0AAL4W13: Thanks !
1490703685.622872> @U0AAL4W13: Mostly here, most is converted in markdown too. To make it searchable, I would recommend opening a legacy "the Trove" gitbook in echOpen’s gitbook account, where this could be searchable. <@U04DFTZ7D> <@U0B47KC3S> you in?
1490707898.503351> @U2PFHNN3C: Hey Guys, is this the official report of the CAPMeth? <https://github.com/echopen/PRJ-commty_method/blob/master/20170211-CapMeth_Minutes.md>  (I ask because I wasn’t there)
1490708592.679660> @U0AAL4W13: Unsure if it was pgp-signed, but these are the minutes yes
1490708940.772602> @U2PFHNN3C: :smile: thanks!
1490708959.777506> @U2PFHNN3C: does echopen have a certificate? didn’t know… :stuck_out_tongue:
1490718230.515488> @U37GZRZU6: Hey guys I'm doing some speleology in the GitHub, what's the medicotechnical repo for? <@U0AAL4W13> <@U0GMX7QUB> ?
1490718410.565165> @U37GZRZU6: Same question for the legacy repo? <@U0B47KC3S> <@U20C8CKTL> ?
1490718412.565817> @U20C8CKTL: <@U20C8CKTL> has joined the channel
1490718682.640470> @U37GZRZU6: And is the android-app-doc still up-to-date? <@U0B47KC3S> ?
1490718748.658094> @U37GZRZU6: And Image-Processing-doc is empty, can I remove it? :D
1490718797.671079> @U0GMX7QUB: For me, medicotechnical is the ancestor of PRJ-medtec_kit stalled since one year. You can destroy it . (reactions: @U37GZRZU6)
1490719337.817069> @U0B47KC3S: <@U37GZRZU6>, I think you can purge them :wink: (reactions: @U37GZRZU6)
1490719363.824325> @U0B47KC3S: <@U04DFTZ7D> your point of view  ?
1490719628.895365> @U37GZRZU6: I wait for the go from master <@U04DFTZ7D> ;)
1490720403.105842> @U04DFTZ7D: Sure, let's purge the repo :wink: It will be clearer for everybody !! (reactions: @U37GZRZU6)
1490722751.745288> @U37GZRZU6: Blood will be spread :smirk:  (reactions: @U0B47KC3S,@U2PFHNN3C)
1490728627.328720> @U0AAL4W13: I've got one of these beauties for work, would be interesting to get one for our minutes; ) <https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/titan-note-change-the-way-you-take-notes-college-innovation/x/9018483#/>
1490729157.456351> @U38HVMZ6K: Does it work really as advertised? I already tried several "digitizing" assistants and was never convinced.
1490729190.464024> @U38HVMZ6K: But it was already some time ago and things have evolved for sure.
1490733627.575592> @U0AAL4W13: at 80$ it seemed quite worth trying
1490733640.578878> @U0AAL4W13: plus it looks like the usual spider, so that puts at ease
1490799472.302737> @U37GZRZU6: Can I destroy the repo <http://echopen.github.io> ?
1490799761.395153> @U0AAL4W13: Backup before ? ;)
1490799921.445391> @U37GZRZU6: Actually we'll keep it for now ;) 
1492130481.656005> @U4YF0KAJU: <@U4YF0KAJU> has joined the channel
1492267107.021724> @U0B47KC3S: hey there, here’s the fabre fondation report. please fill in the line in page 9, before we do so :wink:
1492267110.021854> @U0B47KC3S: <@U0B47KC3S>
1492268880.094958> @U1PKXQVDW: <@U1PKXQVDW> has joined the channel
1492638829.169792> @U0AAL4W13: <@U37GZRZU6> <@U0B47KC3S> I'll let you confirm the creation of a PRJ-somethingaboutbusiness repo ? :sweat_smile: looking forward to synthetizing the work already done around costing of device, and compiling information on the topic of open-source projects business models :smiley:
1492639035.208202> @U0B47KC3S: hey there, gReat for this is a kick-off :wink: :rocket: 4 more on the process, the right naming convention #prj*** and such, ping <@U04DFTZ7D> cc <@U37GZRZU6>
1492667817.097924> @U38HVMZ6K: <@U0AAL4W13> <@U0B47KC3S> <@U37GZRZU6> <@U04DFTZ7D> interested in the PRJ-somethingaboutbusiness project/repo. I already had some discussions with <@U0AAL4W13> on the topic and provided some inputs in the past on pricing, model,... I could put them in this information compilation if needed.
1492674121.817188> @U0B47KC3S: <@U38HVMZ6K> great news ! @oliv could you tell us more about the process ?
1492678418.533831> @U04DFTZ7D: Yep, sure. as we have a topic named "Economical matters" the channel / repository will be <#C52LMHXQW>. We then need to setup the github repository to welcome all meeting's note documents and ressources.
1492678455.540130> @U04DFTZ7D: <@U37GZRZU6> where do you think we can add information on echOpen github ?
1492678751.593131> @U37GZRZU6: <@U04DFTZ7D> let's create a dedicated repo ? PRJ-eco_model ?
1492679878.793510> @U0AAL4W13: Seems logical, given the structure "enjeux" wise
1493051070.701153> @U37GZRZU6: Dear echOpeners, our medicotechnical gitbook is slowly taking shape, still we have a lot of work to be completed. See below : <https://github.com/echopen/echopen_prototyping/projects/2>  The problem is that now we don't have any up-to-date information about the current state of our developments, nor any complete technical introduction for new incomers. For this reason it becomes a bit urgent that we finish (re)writing the gitbook (introduction, product backlog and all the release 3.0.0 section, including documentation, device characterization and complete realisation guide). Let's do that for mid-May ?  Who's in for a doc-athon on weekend of May 8th ?  <@U0B47KC3S> <@U3QGT3Q74> <@U07UEJC2H> <@U4J138ZTL> <@U0AAL4W13> <@U0GMX7QUB>
1493051116.712956> @U0AAL4W13: Why not? (reactions: @U37GZRZU6)
1493051606.843051> @U0B47KC3S: great I am in :wink: :nerd_face: (reactions: @U37GZRZU6)
1493053962.449579> @U3GHS132Q: It seems that I am not invited to participate so I will not lol (reactions: @U3GHS132Q)
1493054483.582588> @U0AAL4W13: If there's any spare set of modules to play with during the doc a thon, that would greatly help
1493054758.653832> @U38HVMZ6K: &gt; Who's in for a doc-athon on weekend of May 8th ? May 8th is a Monday :stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes: 
1493054805.665982> @U38HVMZ6K: 6th-7th I assume :blush: 
1493054858.679598> @U38HVMZ6K: I'll be flying to Boston on 6th and jet-lagged on 7th 
1493054873.683362> @U37GZRZU6: rbo: may 8th is a holiday in France ;)
1493055077.737890> @U38HVMZ6K: Ok, lucky guys ! And 1st as well?
1493055682.895778> @U3GHS132Q: 1st is the holy "fête du travail" ! I do not understand how can we enjoy work (above all for big companies), it should be "fête du travail" everyday !  What are you telling me that I will go to the fac like every days in week :joy: :joy: :joy:
1493209469.905842> @U2PFHNN3C: definitely not a holiday in DE :slightly_smiling_face:
1493646080.969673> @Hyacinthe: <@U0AAL4W13>: this one?
1493646707.060897> @Hyacinthe: <@U0FN1B8KD>  this is the last report, It should interest you
1493916045.283126> @U37GZRZU6: :studio_microphone: Just to remind you about our *amazing docathon* planned for this week-end :smiley:  Let's meet on Saturday @ 10:00am (and Sunday and even Monday if needed) Who's in ? :slightly_smiling_face: :slightly_smiling_face: :slightly_smiling_face:  <@U0B47KC3S> <@U3QGT3Q74> <@U4J138ZTL> <@U3GHS132Q> <@U07UEJC2H> <@U0GMX7QUB> <@U0AAL4W13> ?
1493916161.313063> @U0B47KC3S: I am :monkey: (reactions: @U37GZRZU6,@U3QGT3Q74,@U3GHS132Q)
1493916313.352787> @U3GHS132Q: <https://framadate.org/CiUFDJ4iKuOBZXZo> I can not be here Saturday but you can count on me for Sunday and Monday :slightly_smiling_face: (reactions: @U37GZRZU6,@U0B47KC3S)
1493916351.363138> @U4J138ZTL: Maybe Saturday but i can't assure that I'll be there at 10 am  :ghost: more probably after lunch :mortar_board: (reactions: @U37GZRZU6)
1493917894.776234> @U3QGT3Q74: I will be there on Saturday, and maybe Sunday  (reactions: @U37GZRZU6,@U0B47KC3S)
1493918241.866680> @U0AAL4W13: Will be dropping by (reactions: @U37GZRZU6)
1493925173.743896> @U37GZRZU6: You rock :muscle: 
1494178672.254613> @U5ALNPVDL: <@U5ALNPVDL> has joined the channel
